Legacy migration guides (#55)
stoplightio/platform-docs: docs/6.-migrations/classic.md

| Docs: Theming                       |  Immediate  | Customize the theme colors for your Workspace's sidebar                                                                                   |
| Docs: Versioning                    |  Immediate  | Show/hide specific branches in each project's docs                                                                                        |
| Docs: Table of contents ordering    | Short-term  | Completely custom ordering of your docs sidebar. By default, files will be organized alphabetically, matching the order in the filesystem |
| Docs: Custom CSS, JS, and HTML      | Short-term  | Rich component library for composing custom API docs                                                                                      |
| Design: Shared parameters/responses |  Mid-term   | Form based editing for OpenAPI shared components                                                                                          |
| Docs: Custom variables              | Considering | Allow users to set variable once and have it used everywhere                                                                              |

> | Docs: Redirects                     | Considering | Automatic redirects when docs routes are changed                                                                                          |

Reviewer: I was planning on suggesting this as a feature anyway. It's been a problem a few times, especially as we have to change ordering by renaming files and folders. Let's consider this more than considered? :D

| Docs: Integrations                  | Considering | First class support for integrations like Google analytics, Segment, Intercom, etc                                                        |
| Design: CRUD Builder                | Considering | Automatically generate a list of CRUD endpoints for a schema                                                                              |

> | API Discovery                       | Considering | Automatically create an OpenAPI file by proxying requests through an existing API                                                         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| API Discovery                       | Considering | Automatically create an OpenAPI document by proxying requests through an existing API                                                         |
```

## How do I migrate?

> 1. Choose which Stoplight project you want to migrate

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Open the Stoplight project you want to migrate in Stoplight Classic
```
